Looks like the Google team doesn't
actually sleep because they just dropped
a new AI super agent that you can access
completely for free. And this is
something that lets you create AI
workflows to automate and build almost
anything. Let me introduce Super Gems
inside Gemini. Super Gems is something
that was just launched today and it is
created by merging Opal workflows
directly inside the Gemini gems manager.
This means that you can now build AI
workflows using a guided workflow
builder that automatically generates the
prompts, the steps, and even the UI for
you. You get instant previews, and you
can share your workflows publicly with a
simple link. And if you already use
Opal, you can actually have it so that
you can migrate your existing apps that
are automatically then sent over to my
gems from the labs. And if you're
wondering what Opel is, it is Google's
tool that was designed to build AI
powered mini apps, but now instead of
using it separately, you can run it
within the Super AI agent directly
within the Gemini web app as an
experimental super gem. For example,
just take a look at this recipe genie
app that was built using super gems. You
can transform your bridge leftovers into
fullon meals. You simply just describe
ingredients or even upload an image and
it'll use the Gemini models multimodal
capabilities so that GEMS can instantly
generate a personalized recipe for you.
What's cool is that this isn't just a
responsive in chat app. It's an mini app
that lets you basically edit, customize,
and iterate on recipes directly inside
the workflow. This is a great example of
how Super Gems can turn Gemini into not
just a chatbot, but into an interactive
AI application builder. All you need to
do is head over to the Gemini app, which
you can access on the phone as well as
through your desktop. And once you sign
in with the Google account, you can
click on the expand menu button, which
is where you will see gems. If you click
on this, you're going to be able to now
access Super Gems. And this is where
Opal is now integrated inside Superjems
so that you can share and create various
sorts of automations, many apps, as well
as workflows to automate different sorts
of things. Have you met the new model
everyone's talking about? Nano Banana
Pro. I thought I'd seen it all until I
tried Pro inside Love Art. Suddenly,
every doodle, mark, and brush stroke
made sense. If you want to pro smart,
you pro on Love Art. Love art isn't just
an AI. It's your full-time design agent
where you can generate images, videos,
3D assets, and edit everything with
Photoshop level precision. With Nanab
Banana Pro integrated, every output
becomes a fully editable design file.
The Nano Banana model gives smarter
visuals, perfect multilingual text,
character consistency for up to five
people, mixing up to 14 images, and 2K
to 4K resolution. Pair it with love art,
that's next level. batch generation,
natural language editing, and logical
workflows. With Love Art, you get batch
generation, natural language editing,
and logical workflows. You can simply
type something like change this color or
give me five variants, and Love Art
handles it. You have a touchedit feature
that lets you click and change any part
of your image, edit elements instantly
with different layers. And with every
nanobano model image, you can change the
foreground, background, object text,
which is all fully editable. You can
isolate layers, recolor, swap
characters, batch generate brand
systems, or turn tutorials into clean
visual cards in seconds. This is the
capability of Love Art and thanks to
them for sponsoring today's video. Use
the link in the description below and
experience Nano Banana Pro inside Love
Art. If you want to promart, you've got
to pro on Love Art. And the great thing
is that there are a lot of other
templates that you can readily access
from marketing all the way to claimation
explorer, learning from YouTube videos.
There's many different mini apps that
have been created with super gems. And I
know this might be confusing, but
essentially gems are different
customized variants of the Gemini model.
They're basically predefined AI chat
bots off of the Gemini models where you
can customize an existing template or
create a new one from scratch, which you
can do by simply clicking on new gem.
You can provide a name for the AI agent.
And in this case, once it's created, all
your gems live in one place where you
can create them anytime or start
chatting with them immediately so that
you can use it to execute different
sorts of tasks.
So for example, if I'm creating a gem, I
can give it a name like a YouTube
research gem and its job is to basically
summarize and extract insights from
YouTube content. It can summarize key
points from video transcripts, extract
actionable takeaways relevant to your
niche, whether that's marketing tactics,
SEO tips or tech trends, generating
research reports as well as creating
summaries on the title, descriptions,
tags, extracting all these contents.
Now, you can also provide knowledge to
help the AI agent with better context
relevance and you can actually now save
this so that you can use it whenever you
want. But now you can ask it questions
on anything. So after saving the gem I
can ask it anything like tell me more
about my video on open code and I can
provide the URL and it is going to be
able to now do deep research with the
Gemini model and this is based off of
the gems that I created and you can see
that it is able to go into the
transcript and get key insights off of
the video and this is just a simple AI
agent that I created with the textual
prompt directly within super agents
manager.
And you can see that it also gives me a
structured research summary. Gives me
timestamps as to what I'm talking about
in each and every step of this video.
And overall, it gives me the content
planning suggestion like the title which
you had requested, the topic cluster as
well as the video description tags. In
the same manner, you can create various
sorts of gem managers. Think of it like
an AI coding agent that is associated
with the Gemini models. And you can
create something like a coding partner,
a learning coach, or a various sorts of
chatbots that can help you in various
ways. You can even play chess with the
language model, which is actually pretty
interesting. So in this case, you can
ask it, let's play chess. I start with
E4. You can directly talk to the AI
model with this specific AI gem and you
can actually tell it where you want to
move, what sort of next step you want to
play and it will actually respond and
play with this graph that it has
generated. In my opinion, that is
something that is super simple that you
anyone can actually create with any
platform. But the new gems feature is
where you have the ability to create
more predefined gems with more features.
You can describe the mini AI agent that
you want to create. Like for example,
analyzing a meeting transcript and
drafting an email after each meeting
like the key action items is an mini app
that you can actually create with the
front end. And this is where it is being
built directly within the Gemini app.
You can configure it like how you would
with Opel where you have different nodes
that have different predefined uh
actions and you can basically edit this
by opening the advanced editor where you
can open up Opal and you can actually
configure each and every node further.
So in this case this is the meeting app
that it created. It's a really simple
meeting app and you can see that this is
the user flow where it starts off with
the user input where you paste in your
meeting transcript. The second node is
processing the meeting transcript and
this is the system prompt that was
developed by the uh the gem agent and
you can then see that it generates a
draft email and it is able to automate
this whole process with this node. You
can add in different nodes to automate
different processes. You can add in
configurations to the overall uh
configuration of how it's being
outputed. You can even add assets like
uploading files, adding a drive, a
YouTube link, text, or even drawings.
So, for example, this is our app. I can
click start and I can paste in my
meeting transcript over here. This is a
long transcript of a call and I can send
this in to the Gemini agent, which is
where it is going to process and
generate a summary email based off of
the transcript of our call. And you can
see that it will now generate that email
where it has created the meeting summary
as well as the action items. And now it
can draft up an email. You can download
the file or even share the output. This
is a really simple app that it created
based off of a single prompt with the
super gem agent. Essentially with super
gems combined with Opal, you're going to
be able to create various sorts of AI
agents with enhanced capabilities,
especially with it being powered by the
Gemini models. With the ability to use
any of its multimodal capabilities from
VO3 to something like its nano banana
model to generate visuals, this is a
flow where it can create any sort of
game based off of the prompt that you
give it. And this is something that is
generating a game based in New York with
a sci-fi theme. It gives you the
pretense. It even generates a video
which is really cool with the V3 model.
And this is just a simple cool little
app that was built. But it showcases how
it uses different multimodal uh models
and how it's able to use this flow to
generate whatever you had requested
based off that prompt. If you like this
video and would love to support the
channel, you can consider donating to my
channel through the super thanks option
below. Or you can consider joining our
private Discord where you can access
multiple subscriptions to different AI
tools for free on a monthly basis, plus
daily AI news and exclusive content,
plus a lot more. Overall, this new super
gem update is something that I believe
they're working on to create an
alternative to Nathan, Zapier, and many
of these automation platforms. And
sooner or later, they are going to be
tapping into that cuz it's Google. They
have the funding. They have all the
resources they need to do something like
that. And I believe they will dominate
in that field in the near future because
it's Google. They got everything they
need. And I believe Opel is their next
step in achieving that. This is
something that I would recommend that
you start using. It's really easy to set
up. It's not a typical automation tool
that you would use like many of the
other ones that are out there, but it is
something that is early in that step
where it can automate basic things for
you and help you build many apps in
different ways. But this is something
that is completely free and I'll leave a
link to this in the description below so
that you can easily get started as well
as to Opel. You can obviously use Opal
separately, but this is something that
is now integrated with Super Gems. But
that's basically it, guys. Hope you
enjoyed today's video and got some sort
of value out of it. I'll leave all these
links in the description below. Make
sure you go ahead and subscribe to the
second channel, join the newsletter,
join Discord, follow us on Twitter, and
lastly, make sure guys subscribe, turn
on notification bell, like this video,
and please take a look at our previous
videos cuz there is a lot of content
that you will truly benefit from. But
with that thought, guys, have an amazing
day. Spread positivity, and I'll see you
guys really shortly. He suffers.